README.md, before:

About
============

Contained in this repository are localization files for my iOS projects (both free and commercial).

Creating & Updating
============

For a given project, the English (en.lproj) localization will always be the most accurate and up-to-date. I will personally attempt to keep localization key names accurate in all other existing localizations.

A new localization for a project can be created by copying the English localization for that project.

Localization directories should be named using a locale ID consisting of an ISO 639-1 language code and optionally an ISO 3166-1 region designator. A list of known supported locale IDs is included in the "LOCALE_IDS.md" file. More information about how IDs are created can be found at the following link:

* [Language and Locale IDs](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documentation/MacOSX/Conceptual/BPInternational/LanguageandLocaleIDs/LanguageandLocaleIDs.html)

Please keep translations as close as possible in meaning to the original English. Please do not use slang or inappropriate language.

Contributing
============

Localizations can be contributed by either submitting a pull-request (preferred), by submitting an issue report, or by contacting me directly via email.

Ownership & Credit
============

All localizations contributed to this project become the property of the project. This includes localizations contributed for commercial projects and for projects that receive donations.

Credit for contributions will be given to contributers in the form of a message added to the commit log for this repository, as well as a message added to the changelog of the respective project.

Conflicts
============

I only speak two languages (English natively, Japanese secondarily). I cannot guarantee the accuracy of the localizations included in this repository.

If you believe that an existing localization contains a mistake or does not accurately convey the correct meaning of its English equivalent, I would appreciate it if you would first consult with the contributor(s) of the existing localization before submitting a correction.

Commit message:

Added note regarding native preference

README.md, after:

About
============

Contained in this repository are localization files for my iOS projects (both free and commercial).

Creating & Updating
============

For a given project, the English (en.lproj) localization will always be the most accurate and up-to-date. I will personally attempt to keep localization key names accurate in all other existing localizations.

A new localization for a project can be created by copying the English localization for that project.

Localization directories should be named using a locale ID consisting of an ISO 639-1 language code and optionally an ISO 3166-1 region designator. A list of known supported locale IDs is included in the "LOCALE_IDS.md" file. More information about how IDs are created can be found at the following link:

* [Language and Locale IDs](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documentation/MacOSX/Conceptual/BPInternational/LanguageandLocaleIDs/LanguageandLocaleIDs.html)

Please keep translations as close as possible in meaning to the original English. Please do not use slang or inappropriate language. Localizations created by native speakers are preferred.

Contributing
============

Localizations can be contributed by either submitting a pull-request (preferred), by submitting an issue report, or by contacting me directly via email.

Ownership & Credit
============

All localizations contributed to this project become the property of the project. This includes localizations contributed for commercial projects and for projects that receive donations.

Credit for contributions will be given to contributers in the form of a message added to the commit log for this repository, as well as a message added to the changelog of the respective project.

Conflicts
============

I only speak two languages (English natively, Japanese secondarily). I cannot guarantee the accuracy of the localizations included in this repository.

If you believe that an existing localization contains a mistake or does not accurately convey the correct meaning of its English equivalent, I would appreciate it if you would first consult with the contributor(s) of the existing localization before submitting a correction.
